Every bottle of wine is worth much more than you own.
That’s right. What are you looking for?
Then smash the rich man's precious sugar and wine.
Who do you want to let go quickly? Aunt,
Come here. Don't waste it on me.
How many times have I said it. Keep this wine well.
If you have to go through the general office without pricking you.
Mom, I'm sorry. My mobile phone is as cold as ice.
They say they call you rich. Don't be clique-y.
The one who strikes is the one who strikes. No wonder not.
careful. You use other people's things to declare your identity.
Now he still dares to beat people. Night blue moon.
How dare you say this is Bipai?
Who is this villa?
No wonder Xiao Jingwan’s first meeting was Bi Pai
Why don't you act like a threat?
Teach yourself a lesson
You wipe your mouth like this?
He even believed himself when he lied